Add immutable_where config (#8520)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/snowflake-configs.md

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.11">

### Immutable where

> Snowflake allows you to mark specific portions of a dynamic table as immutable using the `IMMUTABLE WHERE` clause. This prevents Snowflake from applying updates or deletions to matching rows during refreshes, allowing historical data to remain unchanged and improving refresh performance.

Reviewer: do we mean rows here in terms of portions?
```suggestion
Snowflake allows you to mark certain rows of a dynamic table as immutable using the `IMMUTABLE WHERE` clause. This prevents Snowflake from applying updates or deletions to matching rows during refreshes, so historical data stays the same and refreshes run faster.
```

> Starting in <Constant name="core"/> v1.11, you can configure this using the `immutable_where` configuration. This config accepts a SQL condition expression. Rows that satisfy the `immutable_where` condition will be treated as immutable and won't be updated or deleted during subsequent refreshes.

Reviewer: so its more scalable in the future
```suggestion
From <Constant name="core"/> v1.11, you can configure this using the `immutable_where` configuration. This config accepts a SQL condition expression and rows that match it are treated as immutable and won’t be updated or deleted during future refreshes.
```
